Dr/oauth2 improvements (#63)
ecg-icas/icas: doc/next/_sources/index.rst.txt

..  role:: strike

* v.0.123 - 9 Sep 2022 - dr

>   * improved explanation on Oauth2 roles&flows, and added a sequence diagram

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * improved explanation on OAuth 2.0 roles & flows, and added a sequence diagram
```
